in this video i will break down the
movie
it follows this movie consists of an
evil entity that takes the form of
humans and is transmitted through
intercourse
the evil being can only be seen by one
person and it never stops until it kills
you
the movie starts off with this girl
quickly running out of her home
looking very worried she gets into her
car
and drives off to sit by herself on a
beach
the next time we see her she is dead and
has been folded like a pretzel
we then meet the main character jay
she is going on a date with hugh at a
theater
during the performance hugh asks jay if
she can
see the lady standing there when jay
says she can't see anyone hugh quickly
leaves the theater
their next date consists of intercourse
and the evil entity
is officially passed to when they are
done
hugh takes out a chloroform rag and jay
passes out
jay wakes up in an abandoned building
and hugh tells her why he did that
he says that she will now be followed by
a random being that will always walk
towards her until it kills her
he also says that someone gave it to him
and that he gave it to her in the car
hugh drops jay off at her home in a
humiliating way
later jay is starting college and she
sees an old lady looking directly at her
and walking right towards her
she gets freaked out and when she walks
into the hallway
the old lady is still following her but
nobody else sees it
she goes to an ice cream shop where she
talks with kelly
and paul about what is happening to her
that night she was very scared so some
of her friends spent the night with her
they don't think it's all that serious
but they will soon find
out otherwise jay can't sleep so she
goes downstairs
and sits with paul she then sees a
topless lady walking towards her so she
runs into her room
she is hesitant to let people in her
room with her but when they open the
door
jay sees a giant man walking right
towards her
she rides her bike off in horror and
sits by herself on a swing
the next day they all gather into a car
and drive into the heart of detroit
they are in detroit because they are
looking at the house that hugh lived in
before he passed this evil being to jay
the group discovers cans hanging from
some strings
this was used as an alarm to tell hugh
if the evil entity had found him
they also find a picture of hugh and
another girl in her high school jacket
the group goes to the school in search
of hugh's real name and along the way we
see a girl slowly walking towards them
they are able to find that hugh's real
name is jeff and they also find his
address
while talking to jeff he tells her to
sleep with another person
to get the entity away from her because
this entity is slowly walking towards
her
they decide to drive a few hours to
greg's home
greg here helps jay learn to use a
revolver in case she needs to defend
herself from this being
they are all relaxing on the beach when
we see the entity walking toward jay
the group doesn't see the thing so all
they see is jay's hair
being pulled up jay is able to get away
and land a shot on the entity but it
does not kill it
after she closes the door the being
breaks a hole
into the door and now is a little kid
she gets into a car and drives off but
swerves into a cornfield when she
doesn't see the other car
she wakes up in the hospital with a cast
and some other minor injuries
greg wants to help jay so he sleeps with
her but doesn't see the entity
after three days jay gets back from the
hospital
and is still very paranoid so she sits
in her room all day watching greg's
house
a man in all white shows up and throws a
brick through the window
jay knows this is the entity so she runs
over to the house
and tries to help greg she makes it into
the house
and sees the entity disguised as greg's
mom
the entity repeatedly knocks on greg's
door only pausing
to look at jay the thing then kills greg
and now is coming after jay jay drives
off and spends the night
sleeping in her car at the beach
she sees three guys on a boat and walks
into the water
the next time we see her she is sad and
wet driving back to her home
the group gets an idea so they drive off
to execute this plan
they arrive at a pool and their plan is
to get the entity in the water so they
can electrocute it
this plan is very dangerous and we
already saw that this thing doesn't die
from a bullet to the neck
so why would this kill it the entity
enters the room and starts to throw the
electronics into the water
almost electrocuting jay paul takes the
gun
and tries to shoot the entity but ends
up missing and shoots his friend in the
leg
they put a sheet over the entity and are
able to shoot the thing in the head
right before jay gets out of the water
the thing grabs onto her leg
so paul takes some shots at it
eventually he is able to headshot the
thing and jay gets out of the pool
when she looks down she sees the pool
filling up with blood
but only she sees this after this
paul and jay sleep together but don't
feel any different
they are then seen walking together
wondering if they are safe
but as we see there is already someone
walking towards them again
that is how the movie ends i hope you
all enjoyed this video
if you did feel free to watch some of my
other content